-Chalmers rings at the door.
Chalmers: Well, Seymour, I finally made it - despite your directions.
Skinner: Ah, Superintendent Chalmers, welcome. I hope you're prepared for an unforgettable Luncheon.
Chalmers: Yeah.
-Chalmers takes a seat and Skinner enters the kitchen.
Skinner (gasping): Oh, egads! My roast is ruined!
-He looks out of the window at Krustyburger.
Skinner (quiet): But what if... I were to purchase fast food and disguise it as my own cooking? (laughs) Delightfully devilish, Seymour.
-He opens the window and puts his leg out, Chalmers coming in at that moment, glaring.
*Theme Song*
Skinner, with his crazy explanations,
Superintendent's gonna need his medication
When he hears Skinner's lame exaggerations
There'll be trouble in town, tonight!
*Music End*
Chalmers (loud): Seymour!
Skinner: Superintendent! I was just, uh, (he stretches) stretching my calves on the windowsill. Isometric exercise; care to join me?
Chalmers: Why is there smoke coming out of your oven, Seymour?
Skinner: Uh- oh, that isn't smoke. It's steam. Steam from the steamed clams we're having. Mmm, steamed clams.
-Skinner sighs relieved as Chalmers walks out, running out of the window. Later, he enters the dining room where Chalmers is, serving burgers on a plate.
Skinner: Superintendent, I hope you're ready for some mouthwatering hamburgers!
Chalmers: I thought we were having steamed clams.
Skinner: D'oh, no, I said steamed hams. That's what I call hamburgers.
Chalmers: You call hamburgers steamed hams?
Skinner: Yes! It's a regional dialect.
Chalmers: Uh-huh. Uh, what region?
Skinner: Uh... upstate New York?
Chalmers: Really. Well, I'm from Utica, and I've never heard anyone use the phrase "steamed hams".
Skinner: Oh, not in Utica, no, it's an Albany expression.
Chalmers: I see.
-Chalmers tries one of the burgers.
Chalmers: You know, these hamburgers are quite similar to the ones they have at Krusty Burger.
Skinner: Oh, no - patented Skinner burgers. Old family recipe.
Chalmers: For steamed hams.
Skinner: Yes.
Chalmers: Yes. (he reveals the meat patty) And you call them steamed hams despite the fact they are obviously grilled.
Skinner: Ye... you know, the... one thing I should... excuse me for one second.
Chalmers: Of course.
-Skinner briefly runs into the kitchen, which is clearly on fire now. As the comes out, he briefly yawns.
Skinner: Well, that was wonderful. A good time was had by all. I'm pooped.
Chalmers: Yes, I should be- (shocked as he points to the kitchen) Good Lord! What is happening in there?
Skinner: Aurora Borealis.
Chalmers: Uh, Aurora Borealis? At this time of year at this time of day in this part of the country - localized entirely within your kitchen.
Skinner: Yes!
Chalmers: May I see it?
Skinner: No.
-They walk out to the porch.
Agnes (yelling off-screen): Seymour! The house is on fire!
Skinner: No, mother, it's just the northern lights.
Chalmers: Well, Seymour, you are an odd fellow, but I must say you steam a good ham.
Agnes (off-screen): Help! Help!
-Chalmers walks away from the house burning down, Skinner giving a thumbs up as he briefly turns back.